Modify rule S3654: Improve on rule description (CPP-3734) (#1479)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3654/cfamily/rule.adoc

Throwing an exception from a destructor can lead to undefined behavior, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying others objects.

> A commonly used example that highlights the severity of the underlying problem is presented in what follows. The destructor of a standard container like ``++std::vector++`` automatically calls the destructors for all of the managed objects. If a call to an object's destructor throws an exception, there are only two conceptional ways to proceed: (i) abort destruction which will result in a half-destroyed object and possibly many more objects whose destructor has not been called, or (ii) ignore the exception and proceed with destroying the remaining objects. However, if yet another exception is thrown while destroying the remaining objects, there would be two outstanding exceptions which is disallowed by C++ exception-handling mechanism and results in a call to ``std::terminate``. Both of these options are undesired.

Reviewer: We try to avoid long sentences and use list to make things easier to read:
```suggestion
A commonly used example that highlights the severity of the underlying problem is presented in what follows. The destructor of a standard container like ``++std::vector++`` automatically calls the destructors for all managed objects. Suppose a call to an object's destructor throws an exception. In that case, there are only two conceptional ways to proceed:
1. Abort destruction. This will result in a partially destroyed object and possibly many more objects whose destructor has not been called. 
2. Ignore the exception and proceed with destroying the remaining objects. However, if yet another exception is thrown while destroying the remaining objects, there would be two outstanding exceptions. This is disallowed by C++ exception-handling mechanism and results in a call to ``std::terminate``. 
Both of these options are undesired.
```
Also, you forgot the most common case; the destructor is noexcept. A lot of destructors are noexcept implicitly

> Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying other objects.

Reviewer 2: In the current sentence wording, it does not seem clear that destroying other objects is a good thing...

```suggestion
Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without being allowed to perform a clean shutdown.
```

Author: Thanks for your inputs, @loic-joly-sonarsource.

> Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying others objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying other objects.
```

Destructors are usually (implicitly) declared as ``noexcept`` by default such that ``std::terminate`` is called when they throw an exception.

> Destructors may still throw an exception if they are explicitly declared as ``noexcept(false)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Destructors may still propagate an exception if they are explicitly declared as ``noexcept(false)``.
```

> However, if a destructor that is declared as ``noexcept(false)`` happens to be called during stack unwinding, ``std::terminate`` is called instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, even a destructor that is declared as ``noexcept(false)`` will call `std::terminate` if it throws during stack unwinding.
```

> Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying others objects.
> 
> Destructors are usually (implicitly) declared as ``noexcept`` by default such that ``std::terminate`` is called when they throw an exception.
> Destructors may still throw an exception if they are explicitly declared as ``noexcept(false)``.
> However, if a destructor that is declared as ``noexcept(false)`` happens to be called during stack unwinding, ``std::terminate`` is called instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throwing an exception from a destructor may result in a call to ``std::terminate``, meaning that your program could be terminated abruptly without neatly destroying other objects.

Destructors are usually (implicitly) declared as ``noexcept`` by default such that ``std::terminate`` is called when they throw an exception.
Destructors may still throw an exception if they are explicitly declared as ``noexcept(false)``.
However, if a destructor that is declared as ``noexcept(false)`` happens to be called during stack unwinding, ``std::terminate`` is called instead.
```

> A commonly used example that highlights the severity of the underlying problem is presented in what follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A commonly used example that highlights the severity of the underlying problem is presented in what follows:
```

> The destructor of a standard container like ``++std::vector++`` automatically calls the destructors for all managed objects.

Reviewer 3: If destructor of type used as elements on the vector throws in the desturctor, the behavior is undefined: https://eel.is/c++draft/requirements#res.on.functions-2.4

Reviewer 3: There are more ways:
* delete the source of the program, and other manifestation of UB
* termination
This suggests that `std::vector` has stronger guarantee, that it actually have

Author: Indeed, I just wanted to give an example why this is a lost case and explain it on a conceptual level here.

This topic is huge; there are also exceptions (other than declaring a destructor as `noexcept(false)`) when destructors are _not_ implicitly `noexcept`. But I feel this would be too much for a reader of this rule.

Reviewer 3: Maybe:
```The destructor of a  container needs to call the destructors for all managed objects.```
And add clarification that for the standard container, the behavior is undefined.

Author: Thanks, I've integrated your suggestions.

Reviewer 3: Looks good.

Suppose a call to an object's destructor throws an exception.

> In that case, there are only two conceptional ways to proceed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case, there are only two conceptual ways to proceed:
```
??

1. Abort destruction. This will result in a partially destroyed object and possibly many more objects whose destructor has not been called. 

> 2. Ignore the exception and proceed with destroying the remaining objects. However, if yet another exception is thrown while destroying the remaining objects, there would be two outstanding exceptions. This is disallowed by C++'s exception-handling mechanism and results in a call to ``std::terminate``.

Reviewer 3: Reading this. If you ignore an exception and continue with the destruction of remaining objects, you will not end up with two exceptions, as you ignored one. The phrasing seems to be unclear.

Reviewer: I agree this part needs clarification/can be misunderstood

Author: I've updated it.
